README.md, before:

# defi-glossary

Glossary of DeFi terms. Terms on this page follow the form:
* term name
* short definition
* links to more info and deeper dives


### TLV
Total Locked Value. Is the value locked up in a given

[TLV explained](https://impermax.medium.com/defi-explained-what-is-tvl-9800eda80b0b)

-----

### AMM
Automated Market Maker refers to the way a smart contract will act as a 
market maker to execute trades between two wallets

[explanation from Binane](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-an-automated-market-maker-amm)

-----

### Zero Knowledge Proofs
A zero-knowledge proof is where a prover (Alice) can prove that she knows 
information x to a verifier (Bob) without communicating any other information 
to Bob other than the fact that she knows x.
See more from:
* [blockonomi.com](https://blockonomi.com/zero-knowledge-proofs/)
* [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-knowledge_proof)

Other variants are: 

**ZK-STARKs** (Zero-Knowledge Scalable Transparent ARguments of Knowledge) 
enables users to share validated data or computations with a third party 
without the data or computation being revealed to the third-party.
[see more on ZK STARK from Stack Overflow](https://crypto.stackexchange.com/questions/56327/what-are-zk-starks)

**ZK - SNARKS** Zk-SNARK is an acronym that stands for “Zero-Knowledge Succinct 
Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge.” A zk-SNARK is a cryptographic proof that allows 
one party to prove it possesses certain information without revealing that information. 
This proof is made possible using a secret key created before the transaction takes place. 
It is used as part of the protocol for the cryptocurrency, Zcash.
[see more on ZK SNARK from investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/z/zksnark.asp)

----

Commit message:

- update zk - add indired liquidity providing

README.md, after:

# defi-glossary

Glossary of DeFi terms. Terms on this page follow the form:
* term name
* short definition
* links to more info and deeper dives


### TLV
Total Locked Value. Is the value locked up in a given

[TLV explained](https://impermax.medium.com/defi-explained-what-is-tvl-9800eda80b0b)

-----

### AMM
Automated Market Maker refers to the way a smart contract will act as a 
market maker to execute trades between two wallets

[explanation from Binane](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-an-automated-market-maker-amm)

-----

### Zero Knowledge Proofs
A zero-knowledge proof is where a prover (Alice) can prove that she knows 
information x to a verifier (Bob) without communicating any other information 
to Bob other than the fact that she knows x.
See more definitions from:
* [blockonomi.com](https://blockonomi.com/zero-knowledge-proofs/)
* [Ethereum](https://docs.ethhub.io/ethereum-roadmap/layer-2-scaling/zk-starks/)
* [Starkware](https://medium.com/starkware)
* [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero-knowledge_proof)


Other variants are: 

**ZK-STARKs** (Zero-Knowledge Scalable Transparent ARguments of Knowledge) 
enables users to share validated data or computations with a third party 
without the data or computation being revealed to the third-party.
[see more on ZK STARK from Stack Overflow](https://crypto.stackexchange.com/questions/56327/what-are-zk-starks)

**ZK - SNARKS** Zk-SNARK is an acronym that stands for “Zero-Knowledge Succinct 
Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge.” A zk-SNARK is a cryptographic proof that allows 
one party to prove it possesses certain information without revealing that information. 
This proof is made possible using a secret key created before the transaction takes place. 
It is used as part of the protocol for the cryptocurrency, Zcash.
[see more on ZK SNARK from investopedia](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/z/zksnark.asp)

**Zero-knowledge rollups**
A zero-knowledge rollup is a Layer 2 blockchain solution that performs computations and storage off-chain while 
funds are held in a smart contract.

[more from coinmarketcap](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/glossary/zero-knowledge-rollups)

----

### Indirect Liquidity Providing
From Impermax Finance suppose to be easier way to provided liquidity on uniswap using just Eth

[more from impermax](https://impermax.medium.com/the-power-of-indirect-liquidity-providing-c22f51be698a)

----
